[DX-1008] Updated Internal Endpoint middleware (#4046)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/advanced-configuration/transform-traffic/endpoint-designer.md

### Internal

> The [Internal Endpoint]({{< ref "product-stack/tyk-gateway/middleware/internal-endpoint-middleware" >}}) middleware instructs Tyk Gateway not to process external requests to the endpoint (which is a combination of HTTP method and path). Internal requests from other APIs will be processed.

Author: ```suggestion
The [Internal Endpoint]({{< ref "product-stack/tyk-gateway/middleware/internal-endpoint-middleware" >}}) middleware instructs Tyk Gateway to ignore external requests to the endpoint (which is a combination of HTTP method and path). Internal requests from other APIs will be processed.
```
